Licenses:

htmlparser.jar version 1.6 is distributed under the GNU Lesser General
Public License version 2.1 and greater. Sources are available in
OmegaT sources, in the directory lib/sources.

vldocking-*.jar is distributed under the GNU Lesser General Public
License. Sources are available in OmegaT sources, in the directory
lib/sources.

jmyspell-core-*.jar is distributed under the GNU Lesser General Public
License version 2.1 and greater. Sources are available in OmegaT
sources, in the directory lib/sources.

svnkit-*.jar is distributed under the TMate Open Source / Commercial
dual license.

sequence-library-*.jar is distributed under the Sequence Library
License.

antlr-runtime-*.jar is distributed under the ANTLR 3 License.

sqljet-*.jar is distributed under the GNU General Public License
version 2. Sources are available in OmegaT sources, in the directory
lib/sources.

org.eclipse.jgit-*-r.jar is distributed under the Eclipse Distribution
License (EDL) v 1.0.

jsch-*.jar is distributed under the JSch License.

jsch-agent-proxy is distributed under the jsch-agent-proxy License.

diff.jar is distributed under the GNU General Public License version 1
and greater. Sources are available in OmegaT sources, in the directory
lib/sources.

trilead-ssh2-*.jar is distributed under the Trilead SSH license.

lucene-*.jar are distributed under the Apache License 2.0.

commons-*.jar are distributed under the Apache License 2.0.

LanguageTool is distributed under the LGPL license.  LanguageTool
sources are available from
https://github.com/languagetool-org/languagetool
For licenses of libraries required by LanguageTool, see
https://github.com/languagetool-org/languagetool/blob/master/languagetool-standalone/src/main/resources/third-party-licenses/README.txt

pdfbox-*.jar and fontbox-*.jar are distributed under the Apache
License 2.0.

groovy-all-*.jar is distributed under the Apache License 2.0 (required
for scripting).

supertmxmerge-*.jar is distributed under the Apache License 2.0.

slf4j-*.jar is distributed under the MIT License.

OmegaT uses icons from the Modern UI Icons project. See
ModernUIIcons-license.txt.

juniversalchardet-*.jar is distributed under the GNU Lesser General
Public License version 2.1 and greater, the GNU Public License version
2.0 and greater or the Mozilla Public License version 1.1. Sources
are available in OmegaT sources, in the directory lib/sources.

JTextPaneLinkifier uses a regex from dperini/regex-web.js
(https://gist.github.com/dperini/729294) under the MIT License.

dictzip is distributed under the GNU General Public License version
2.0 and greater with classpath link exception.

StringUtil uses code from the FullWidthConversionStep in the Okapi
Framework (http://okapi.opentag.com/) under the GNU Public License
version 2.1 or greater.

mALIGNa is distributed under the MIT License (required for Aligner
tool).

DeNormalize.java is licensed under the DeNormalize license.
